# With the Release of Mobile Wallet Version 1.1.3, Decentralized Multi-Chain Composite Functions Will Be Added in the Future

> **Date:** July 27, 2022  
> **Category:** Notice

## 1. The New Wallet Version Adds Decentralized Bitcoin Support

The new version of the wallet adds decentralized Bitcoin support through native SegWit addresses.

Addresses beginning with `bc1` are generated by the new SegWit script, such as `p2wpkh` or `p2wsh`. These are native SegWit addresses.

They adopt `bech32` encoding, and their style is completely different from `p2pkh` and `p2sh` addresses, which begin with `1` and `3`.

Due to the use of the `bc1` prefix, these addresses are longer than the above two types of addresses and consist of 42 symbols, such as:

```text
bc1qa5ndt07z2lu7r2kl6zrffw362chj74vse76lq5
```

However, native SegWit addresses have several advantages:

1. No case sensitivity.
2. The generated QR code has a smaller area.
3. Error correction is possible, although not recommended.

At present, only some wallets support native SegWit addresses, and there are not many exchanges that support them.

## Which Type of Transfer Fee Is Cheaper?

The transfer fee of a SegWit address is cheaper.

This is because traditional address and multi-signature address transactions are larger and occupy more bytes.

SegWit can reduce the number of transaction bytes. If users use a SegWit address as the receiving address and then use a SegWit address to transfer funds to others, transfer costs can be reduced.

According to Bitcoin Optech statistics:

- SegWit-compatible addresses beginning with `3` save 24% of transfer fees compared with traditional addresses beginning with `1`.
- Native SegWit addresses beginning with `bc1` save 35% of transfer fees compared with traditional addresses beginning with `1`.
- SegWit addresses beginning with `bc1` and `3` can save up to 70% of transfer fees compared with multi-signature addresses beginning with `3`.
- Native SegWit addresses beginning with `bc1` can help reduce transfer fees.

## 2. Multiple Language Versions Added

The new wallet version adds support for multiple language versions.

## 3. Multiple Node Support Added

Multiple nodes can be added, allowing synchronization blocks to switch automatically.

Judecoin team
